fix: if not forced, reprotect response to MAC-protected requests (#101)
siemens/LightweightCmpRa: doc/config/README.md

|optional|accept all|`VerificationContext`|[`VerificationContext` object](#the-verificationcontext-object)|trust for protection validation of incoming messages|
| optional|mandatory for reprotect | outputCredentials| [`OutputCredentials` object](#the-outputcredentials-object) | determines protection of outgoing messages
| optional|no special processing w.r.t. nested messages |`NestedEndpointContext`| [`NestedEndpointContext` object](#the-nestedendpointcontext-object) |determines processing and generation of nested messages

> | optional|**keep** |ReprotectMode|enum { **reprotect, strip, keep** } |protection mode for outgoing message. If incoming message was MAC-based protected, **reprotect** is assumed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| optional|**keep** |ReprotectMode|enum { **reprotect, strip, keep** } |protection mode for outgoing messages. When responding on a downstream interface to a request that had MAC-based protection, by default **reprotect** is assumed.|
```

> | optional| false |EnforceReprotectMode| Boolean |enforce protection mode of outgoing messages as given by `ReprotectMode` even if the last incoming message was MAC-based protected|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| optional| false |EnforceReprotectMode| Boolean |enforce protection mode of outgoing messages as given by `ReprotectMode` even when responding to a request that had MAC-based protection. This option only affects downstream interfaces; it is ignored for upstream interfaces.|
```

When responding to request messages with successfully verified MAC-based protection,
the corresponding response messages are protected
using the same MAC-based algorithm, credentials, and parameters. This behaviour 
can be modified only by setting `EnforceReprotectMode` to true and `ReprotectMode`

> to **keep** or **strip**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the same MAC-based algorithm, credentials, and parameters. This behaviour 
can be modified only by setting `EnforceReprotectMode` to true.
```
Note that also the **reprotect** value of `ReprotectMode` can lead to different behavior, namely for responses to messages with signature-based protection.
